add tgi bf16 setup on CPU k8s. (#795)
opea-project/GenAIExamples: ChatQnA/kubernetes/intel/README.md

kubectl apply -f chatqna.yaml
```

> Since CPUs, such as Intel Cooper Lake, Sapphire Rapids, support `bfloat16`, we can add `--dtype bfloat16` when setup the `huggingface/text-generation-inference` server. And if you have such CPUs, you can run the following commands:

Reviewer: Mention why/when one would want to use BF16?
```suggestion
Newer CPUs such as Intel Cooper Lake, Sapphire Rapids, support [`bfloat16` data type](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bfloat16_floating-point_format). If you have such CPUs, and given model supports `bfloat16`, adding `--dtype bfloat16` argument for `huggingface/text-generation-inference` server halves its memory usage and speeds it a bit. To use it, run the following commands:
```
